Docs url address terms (#2518)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: docs/self-managed/modeler/web-modeler/troubleshooting/troubleshoot-zeebe-connection.md

## Secure connection to Zeebe fails

If you provide a cluster URL starting with `https`, Web Modeler will try to establish a secure connection to
the Zeebe instance.
In the process, it strictly validates the server's Application-Layer Protocol Negotiation (ALPN) support and its certificates
presented against well-known certificate authorities.
Failure to connect may have several reasons:

> ### Configure the cluster URL to accept secure connections

Reviewer: The URL is not configured here. Maybe its the `zeebe-gateway` that needs this secure configuration?

@Zelldon probably knows the best term.

Reviewer 2: Yeah I guess what was meant here was the gateway. So like: "Configure the gateway to accept secure connections", which does by default btw

Reviewer 2: But I guess this depends on the set up if you have an ingress in between might be something you also need to handle differently.

Author: > But I guess this depends on the set up if you have an ingress in between might be something you also need to handle differently.

Is this something worth noting in the documentation @Zelldon? If so, how would you go about phrasing this?

Ensure you properly configure the remote cluster URL to accept secure connections.
Refer to the [Zeebe Gateway configuration documentation](../../../zeebe-deployment/security/secure-client-communication.md#gateway)
for additional information.

> ### Configure the cluster URL to support ALPN

Reviewer: Same as above here. I think the URL is not configured.

[Inspect the connection](#how-can-i-get-details-about-a-secure-remote-connection) to understand which certificates are
being returned by the server and ensure you configure Web Modeler for [custom SSL certificates](#how-can-i-provide-a-custom-zeebe-ssl-certificate).

> If intermediate signing authorities sign the server certificate, ensure the remote cluster URL [serves both server and

Reviewer 2: 🤔 not sure whether it makes sense to replace this, since we actually meant endpoint (like a service/deployment)

Author: Resolved in latest commit 👍

## How can I provide a custom Zeebe SSL certificate?

> You configured a custom SSL certificate in your (remote) Zeebe cluster URL and want Web Modeler to accept that certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You configured a custom SSL certificate in your (remote) Zeebe deployment and want Web Modeler to accept that certificate.
```

Not sure what fits here. Maybe something like `deployment` | `instance`. Not sure how we usually refer to this.
